Add: OpenTTD 14.1 announcement (#316)
OpenTTD/website: _posts/2024-04-30-openttd-14-1.md

---
title: OpenTTD 14.1
author: michi_cc
---

> While OpenTTD 14 has been well received (just as we've recieved a lot of survey data), it has apparently also been occasionally out-of-sync with itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our players have played a lot of OpenTTD 14 since it was released a few weeks ago -- in last week alone those who opted into our [survey](https://www.openttd.org/news/2024/03/16/survey-https-infra) played 34,700 hours across 17,219 games.
```

> The first maintenance release for OpenTTD 14 fixes a multi-player out-of-sync bug and smoothes a few rough edges with the new ship pathfinder and the unbunching feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all those hours, you've found some bugs, and we've done our best to fix them.
The first maintenance release for OpenTTD 14 fixes a multiplayer desync bug and cleans up a few rough edges with the new ship pathfinder and the unbunching feature.
```
